---
date: '2025-01-24'
draft: false
title: 'MuskTrumpxiety'
---

What an HORRIBLE week!  
The *MuskTrumpxiety* is hitting hard, and I don't even live in the US.  
I guess that's what happens when fascists are in charge of one of the most powerful countries in the world.
I hope you are all safe, wherever you are.

## Clearing socials
I've always kept my distance from social media. I have a LinkedIn account (asleep when I'm not job hunting), as well as Reddit and Bluesky accounts.
I do use WhatsApp, but since Zuckerbro has pledged allegiance to the Trumpsks, I'm moving away from it.  
It is a slow and hard process: You need to ask all your contacts to move to something else---[Signal](https://signal.org) in this case---and people don't want to install yet another messaging app.
Still, I'm already facing the final boss: migrating the family group chat. Classic text messages will do for everyone else.  
Wish me luck!

## Engine progress
In other news, I spent 3 days figuring out why my engine wouldn't render the .bsp map I had loaded. It was so frustrating, and as always, the issue turned out to be a dumb mistake. Working alone on something can be hard when you're stuck and need a fresh perspective... But it's all working now, so I'll celebrate by taking a break!  
Next week, I'll work on adding textures.

I can already feel some friction in the new texture workflow: adding them to Hammer++ requires converting my .png files to .vtf format and generating a .vmf material file.
It also means my engine will have to support .vtf and .vmf files. Alternatively, I could switch to Trenchbroom + ericw-tools with flat .png textures, which might be enough to achieve the look I’m after.  
That's a decision for next-week me.

Well, that was my week. Here's hoping yours went smoother!  
See you next time.