---
date: '2025-02-03'
title: "It's not that I'm not organized"
---

*It's that I am simply not working.*

Hey everyone,

This week I wanted to talk about task management again.  
Well, actually, it's more about doing the work.  

Basically, last week was a mess.  
I did not finish the pre-production of my game and this post is very late.  

So, what happened?

## Distractions
One of the first things I blame when I feel like I didn't achieve as much, is task management.  
I know, it's ridiculous.

Most of the time, the issue is Twitch, Youtube or whatever new horrible thing the government did yesterday.  
Suddenly I'm learning how that guy did this, how to graft fruit trees, or how to get involved and try to stop the rise of fascism.
Yesterday, I spent an entire hour looking for a farm to buy in the middle of nowhere...

But yeah, it must be task management. So let's rebuild how I capture, schedule and organize tasks. Let's update my Obsidian dashboard, and maybe some of my neovim configuration...

## Reflecting
Stop. Put down the yaml file.  
What did I really do last week?  

One thing in particular I'm happy with: I did release [BugBee](https://bugbee.app)'s new update, and I did start to talk about it.
Outside of all the procrastination we already discussed, I also delivered the freelance I was paid for.  

So, I should feel pretty good about last week, right?  
Well, it's not so simple, because there's a big difference between what I want to be doing, and what I have to do.

### What I want to be doing
In my wildest dreams, I want to take care of a small farm, raising a mix of animals and cultivating veggies, while still making small solo indie games.
In my head, I imagine working mostly in the farm from March to October, with a bit of time for game dev, and working mostly on games from November to February.

### What I need to be doing
At the moment though, I need to provide for my family, so I basically need to work.  
While I'm waiting for the big move though, I am learning and preparing by growing some vegetables in my backyard, along with some hens. I'm also working on a solo game---whose pre-production I did not finish in time.

## Sometimes, it is organization
What's tricky is, sometimes it **is** a task management issue.  
This morning I spent 10 minutes organizing my week, and by the end of the day I accomplished more than last Thursday and Friday combined. 

Sometimes a little structure really does help. Either way, I'm going to keep trying. See you Friday!